#summary A copy of the README file from v1.11
#labels Phase-Requirements,Featured
= Devel-NYTProf version 1.11 =

The Devel::NYTProf bundle is a full featured perl line-by-line profiler and profile report generator for Perl.  Devel::NYTProf provides an XS profiler. The included Devel::NYTProf::Reader provides a flexible XS report generator for the profiler output.  Two scripts are also included which implement the functionality of Devel::NYTProf::Reader.  The first is nytprof_csv, which creates a comma-seperated value formatted report file.  It is simple and intended to provide a jumping point into creating your own custom reports.
The second script is nytprof_html, which creates pretty multipage HTML reports.  Both scripts will be installed into your {{{<perl-path>/bin}}} directory, so add that to your $PATH if you want.

Devel::NYTProf was written and tested on both Linux and Solaris.  Please report any problems you encounter on other platforms.  (...except Windows. I won't fix major Windows problems, but you're welcome to make a patch!)

== PUBLIC SVN ==

At: http://code.google.com/p/perl-devel-nytprof/

See: [hacking HACKING file] for more information

== INSTALLATION ==

To install this module type the following:
{{{
   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install
}}}
== DEPENDENCIES ==

This module requires these other modules and libraries:

    Getopt::Long

== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ==

Copyright (C) 2008 Adam J. Kaplan, NYTimes.com, akaplan at nytimes dotcom